1. Alexey Lapitsky
2. G-mail: heavylesha@gmail.com; Telegram: @Darzamate; vk:Alexey(link); phone number: +375445624540;
3. At the current momenty my goal actually is to find some kind of activity that will be interesting for me and will be work that i like to do. For now i think that programming can be this activity, that's why i'm writing this resume. So about me: i'm kind of responsible person, one of the ability that i like most is my ability to learn fast, i really can digest information from one lesson and i need little experience to work with any information. I can quickly find a common language with different people.
4. I'm learning C++ in the university for more than 1 year, that's why i know the main things about it. I know a lot of basic thing such as: sorting and searching alghoritms, recursive functions, the main things in object-oriented programming and some other interesting things. Also before this course i have learned html/css and a bit of javascript. I have passed course here and started a course here(link).
5. This one of my last OOP laboratory work in the university(spoiler).
6. I have passed course here(link) and started a course here(link).
7. I'm studying at the Belorusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics on th Faculty of Informational Technology and Control. I have passed some course that i mantioned above.
8. I learned English language since i was 6. While learning at i was attending additional English courses for about 7 years. That's why i know English pretty good. For now my English knowledge level is about B2. Also i've been abroad many times and there i spoke fluently with native speakers.
